Headquarters! This is the Seahawk!
We're running into heavy fog!
Visibility is near zero!
Come in, Headquarters!
Do you read me?
You're breaking up, Seahawk.
Please repeat.
I don't know where all this
interference is coming from, sir.
Unless there's somebody out
there jamming our signals.
What's that?
You spot something?
We're picking up a large object
heading straight for us, sir.
What is it, a ship?
I don't think so.
Huh?
Sound the alarm!
[Alarms blaring]
Headquarters! This is
the Seahawk calling!
Over!
Go ahead, Seahawk.
We've encountered an unknown vessel
and we're under attack!
Huh?
Seahawk, what's going on? Over.
Turn us around! Before
it's too late!
Hurry!
Seahawk, what in blazes
is happening out there?
[Static and shouting]
Mayday! May-
[Static]
Seahawk! Do you read me?
Seahawk, come in!
Seahawk!
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
Naval authorities report that
the research vessel, Seahawk,
is missing at sea.
Rescue teams are combing the area
for its last known position.
So far, there are no
signs of the vessel.
These pictures were taken two days
ago when it left on its mission.
Details of that mission
are being kept secret,
but sources tell SSTV that
everything seemed to be going well
until early this morning, when the
crew radioed to report heavy fog.
See, that's why I
can't stand water.
You like it if it's in a glass.
That's a start.
Chao!
Maybe the ship hit something
after it went into the fog.
A ship like that has instruments
that let it navigate
through fog safely.
There may be something
else going on here.
What do you mean, Grandpa?
What if the Seahawk's disappearance
wasn't an accident?
Other vessels have encountered
strange phenomenon in that area.
Perhaps we should take the
yacht and have a look.
Does that mean you're
going out on the ocean?
Yes, that's possible.
You're thinking that Emerl's
down there somewhere.
Hey, Cream,
I'm gonna go outside and pick
a whole bunch of flowers.
Wanna join me?
Sure, we can give them
to my mom and Ella.
Chao, chao!
[Pandemonium]
Mayday! May-!
[Sigh] Our rescue teams
searched the entire area,
but haven't found a single sign
of the Seahawk or its crew.
How could a ship of that size
disappear without leaving a trace?
Well, what if somebody
made the ship disappear?
If a thief was planning
to steal a ship,
he'd make sure not to
leave any evidence behind
that could clue in the cops.
Maybe we have a
robbery on our hands.
I hope you're wrong, Rouge.
That ship is packed with top-secret
communications equipment that
could easily tap into data from
all of our military satellites.
What's your point?
Mr. President, if some maniac
were to capture that ship,
he'd have access to all the
data in our defense network,
and he could easily bring the
entire country to its knees.
Hmm. I think I smell a rotten egg.
Eggman.
Hm.
I hate to say it, but
you may be right, Rouge.
This is just the kind of insane
plot he'd come up with.
[Humming]
Computers make evil so easy!
[Evil laughter]
You have been hunched over that
keyboard for hours, Doctor.
It is bad for your posture.
At least try to sit up
straight when you type.
Otherwise, you may hurt yourself.
I already have a big
pain in the neck. You!
"Knuckles Discovers
World's Oldest Map."
"Renowned archaeologist Dr. Cadbury
is studying the ancient document
at Pukapito Palace."
Hm. Let's drop by.
This map proves my theory.
I can announce that the world's oldest
mystery has finally been solved!
Are you ready?
For the first time, I feel
totally wrapped up in my work.
Huh? What the-
Silence!
Grave robber, give us our map!
[Gasp]
Aah! [Chuckling]
Mission accomplished!
We hit the mummy load this time!
Now we must book back to the base!
[Alarms blaring]
DR. EGGMAN: Good work.
You deserve raises!
...If I start paying you.
[Evil laughter]
Now let's check this out.
Oh? Where is that?
It's this world as
it looked ages ago.
And the computer can take us
even further back in the past.
DECOE: Wow. That is cool!
BOCOE: Can you visit chat rooms?
Can it, you clods!
Now, where could it be?
Aha! There! Heh.
Now I have exactly the information
I've been looking for...
the geographic location of Murasia!
What is Murasia?
I don't know, but it
sounds contagious.
My dream of building an Eggman
Empire is alive and well!
Thanks to the map,
the people of this planet will finally
be forced to acknowledge that
I rule!
[Evil laughter]
[Doorbell rings]
Ah, hello, Knuckles.
Very nice to see you, Ella.
Uh, have we met before?
No, madam, but I am delighted
to make your acquaintance now.
TANAKA: Dr. Cadbury!
Tanaka! You were in my
archeology class years ago.
Your perfect memory
has not failed you.
That class changed my
entire life, doctor.
[Crying]
You mean, that's what inspired
you to become a butler?
Yes. You taught that
household servants
played a vital role
throughout history.
Hyaa! Hyaa! Huh!
You always were unique.
I was at the palace doing some
research when those two thugs
attacked me and ran
away with the map.
It's not a total loss, though.
At least we have a digital copy.
Interesting. Why were
you studying it?
Are you familiar with
the legend of Murasia?
Is it a place?
Murasia is a continent
that sank into the sea.
It was the home of a
spectacular civilization
that flourished and died long ago.
According to the legends,
the Murasians possessed
a highly advanced culture
and accomplished spectacular
feats of engineering.
However, in spite of all
its amazing achievements,
the magnificent Murasian civilization
was wiped out in an instant.
If the legends are
even partly true,
then the ruins of that civilization
could hold priceless secrets.
First, the Seahawk is lost,
and then this map is stolen.
I have a feeling there's
some kind of connection,
but I'm not sure what it could be.
The Seahawk was
searching for Murasia.
It was using this map as a guide.
You see, the map reveals
the continents of our world
as they were in the distant past.
Here, I'll show you.
Now, when we adjust the data,
it reveals how our world appeared
prior to the volcanic eruption
that destroyed Murasia.
You see there?
One piece is missing, just
like in a jigsaw puzzle.
It's the final clue we need
to find the lost continent.
I see it now.
That is where Murasia was located.
Exactly.
Further analysis reveals that
a piece of the continent
survived the disasterĂ˘ÂÂ
a tiny island, which
exists to this day.
And that's exactly where
the Seahawk disappeared.
[Band plays]
Bye-bye now!
Chao chao!
Have a safe voyage!
Later!
Bye, guys!
We'll take lots of pictures for ya!
Bye, sweetie!
CREAM: Bye, and be careful!
Getting there won't be easy.
That island is really just
the top of a huge volcano.
There's a whole chain of
volcanoes underwater here,
making this one of the most unstable
regions in the whole world.
This whole story seems wacky to me.
The doctor knows what
he's talking about.
You're just getting nervous
because you're surrounded by H2O.
Water doesn't scare me anymore.
I just don't like gettin' wet.
Well, there it is, guys.
Let's go ashore now, so
we can get off this tub.
You're not in charge here, Sonic.
[All gasp]
Huh! Look there!
[All scream]
Aah! The X Tornado!
That ship belongs to Eggman.
[Laughter]
Captain Eggman has an important
maritime message for ya!
Surrender to me now!
My new Egg Battleship has enough
firepower to take on the Navy,
the Air Force, and Sonic, too!
You stole that map
from Dr. Cadbury!
You think so?
Now, why would I do
a thing like that?
Just because you're so despicable.
That map led me here to
the world's hot spot.
I don't follow you.
I do.
A hot spot is supposedly the weakest
part of the planet's crust.
If a volcano inside
the hot spot erupts,
all the other volcanoes
in the world erupt, too.
But no respectable geologist
believes such a bizarre theory.
Well, excuse me, Dr.
I-Know-Everything!
But whether you realize it or not,
you're floating above
a hot spot right now!
Now I see what you're getting at.
The legends are vague,
but it's possible
that the Murasians
somehow caused the deadly
volcanic eruptions.
Didn't any Murasians survive?
It's likely that the Murasians
were all wiped out.
There's no trace of them
in the archeological record
after the volcano erupted.
I don't have time to listen
to you academic airheads
discuss a bunch of scholarly
mumbo jumbo, thank you.
The Murasians cracked open that hot
spot once, and sank a continent.
Now I'm going to blast it open,
and cause a worldwide catastrophe!
And on the ruins that remain,
I'll build the Eggman Empire!
Oh, yeah?
Aaaah!
Please.
Sonic!
[Grunt]
Mr. Chris!
[Panting]
Ah!
Don't worry, I'll save you!
[Yelling]
Aah!
Thanks, Tanaka.
Fire! Fire!
[Grunt]
Aah!
It's okay, Sonic. I got you!
[Both scream]
They're in danger! Can't
you fix this thing faster?
I'm trying, Amy. We need
a little more time!
[All screaming]
It's hard to swim. The
waves are really rough.
We have to try.
[Evil laughter]
Sir, we've spotted
something on the sonar.
Can't this wait? I'm a
little busy right now!
But, sir, there's another
ship coming this way.
It's surfacing now!
Who could that be?
We caught him by surprise!
Dr. Eggman has his defenses down.
Now we can blast him
out of the water.
All right!
It's a government ship!
[Frustrated yell]
Those blasted copycats salvaged
my old ship from the ocean floor,
and now they're using
it to attack me!
They certainly are clever.
It just goes to show the
importance of recycling.
Surrender now, Eggman, or
we'll destroy your ship!
Prepare to fire on my order.
Aye-aye!
ROUGE: I want in
on the action, too!
You're only aboard this
ship as an observer, Rouge.
Lock on target.
If you want to play chicken, I'll
be happy to clip your wings.
Aaaah!
Oh!
[All gasping]
[All gasp]
This will crash their party.
Let's get 'em, guys. Fire!
[Crying] I am so happy to see you!
Don't cry. We've got enough water!
Do something!
What do you suggest, micro-mind?
You have to put up a fight, Doctor!
How's that for starters, big mouth!
Dr. Eggman should've surrendered
when he had the chance!
Everything's set for takeoff.
Transform, X Tornado!
Grrr!!!
We're trapped!
There's still one way out.
It's Topaz. She's still alive.
[Evil laughter]
Stay away!
If you destroy my ship, your
comrades will go down with me!
[Evil laughter]
Eggman, let them go!
Fat chance!
I'm holding them hostage,
just to make sure I
get what I came for.
[Evil laughter]
[All screaming]
Wait!
Back away!
Hostages or not, my
job's to stop Eggman.
If you try to stop us, we'll
treat you like an enemy.
Either way, we're doing our job!
[Gunfire]
They're still attacking me!
What should I do now?
We could start filling out claim
forms for your insurance company.
Those hostages need our help.
No sweat, Chris.
Ready for action, Sonic?
Watch me!
[Missiles firing]
Hey, whose side are they on?
Aah!
Oof!
[Grunt]
All I need is ten minutes, tops.
Okay, but when your time
runs out, I start shooting.
[Panting]
It appears they are
holding their fire.
Now's our chance! Head
for the island, quickly!
KNUCKLES: Not her again!
She's headin' for Eggman's ship.
We have to distract him somehow!
Go for it, Tails!
[Explosions]
Argh! Why didn't I
just become a dentist?
Whoa!
It's time to use our
heavy artillery.
You mean-
I'll finish them with one blast.
But you have to make
the volcanoes erupt!
Are you forgetting that you
want to rule the world?
I just changed my mind!
I want revenge.
He is dependable.
Yes, no matter what, Dr. Eggman
never fails to let you down.
What's that?
[Gasp]
[All gasping]
Fire energy ray!
There's nothing we can do.
Aah!
Surrender now, or we will fire
the energy ray in ten seconds.
We don't have any time!
We can't give up!
Maybe if we attack it together!
It's worth a try!
Oof!
Uh!
[Both grunting]
[All screaming]
All right!
[Chuckling]
We are doomed!
Oh dear, oh, dear, oh dear!
ALL: We still have our hostages!
Not any more.
[All yelling]
Face it, Doc, there's
no way out this time.
[All yelling]
ALL: Huh? Huh? Huh??
Hey! Where'd my Chaos Emerald go?
Huh? Huh? Ah!
Stop pushing! Back
off! I can't steer!
Spread out! Gah!
Oh, Rouge.
Sorry.
Maybe this trip was a big mistake.
Maybe we never should've come.
If Eggman finds the
ruins of Murasia,
it could be dangerous.
Yes.
I'm beginning to think
that Eggman was right,
and that this place
really is a hot spot.